Let go of me
That's not bad.
It looks better than the picture.
Who are you and what are you doing?
Oh, you don't know me, do you?
So let me just introduce myself.
My name is Qin Hui
The Night King
I have a father who is more famous than me
Jianghu is known as Heno
It is the north side of one of the localized emperors in the north and south
I didn't mess with you.
You didn't offend me.
But ah I slept all night
I should also do him a little favor
Just put you to sleep
I've already opened the room.
Come on, let go. I have a boyfriend
What if you have a boyfriend?
Like me?
He's really good.
Even Lord Ghost is afraid of him
Haha, he said Ghost
Even Lord Ghost is afraid of your boyfriend.
I mean it.
Lord Ghost has to speak politely when he sees him
I think you are crazier than Lord Ghost
Don't think I don't know
Your boyfriend is a waiter
If you are afraid of being heard by Lord Ghost
Are you not afraid that he will cut you into eight pieces?
I mean it.
Why don't I give him a call?
Don't call, I'm coming